Introduction:
The first mini project done on Interaction design 7. semester master, was about learning to brainstorm the different 
solution concept through a card toolkit. Different subjects, AOE (Area of Effect), and keywords were given on these cards
to help see different solutions interplay.The problem area was about park tracking in Aalborg city, which were selected by the group.

What was done:

After gaining understanding on our problem area and defining the concept, by researching and interviewing people in Aalborg within reach,
the card tools were used to aid the group toward a solution. In this process, a lot of different ideas and possibilities were explored
to solve the problem. One specific solution was chosen due to the time limit and recourses available. This was then further developed by
prototyping, testing it, and finally trying to execute a combined use case to see if the prototype and design were indeed a valid solution to the problem area.

The solution:
It consists of an application and a keychain. The application can be used by downloading it to a device. Additionally, Bluetooth is incorporated
into the design for connecting to the device running the application. Using this product where in general very simple and straightforward;
When opening the application, select a parking zone in which the user wants to gain information about. Information is then provided in real-time
of the current parking situation in that zone. If connected to a keychain, the application then sent the current parking situation to the keychain.
If no parking spots are available in the zone, the keychain lights red, if 75% is occupied the light is yellow, otherwise the light is green. The parking
is registered by a fixed number of available parking spots, where for each enter and exit point of the zone, increase or decrease the number of available parking spots. 

Reflection of the mini project:
This mini project has been very educational regarding the design process. As a software bachelor, not much time and thoughts are given to the design
and on the solutions impact or usability, which is one of if not the mos t important aspect of a software solution where users are involved.
Again, given my software background, I was mostly interested in the software part of the solution, but I learned to have the usability aspect in mind when developing.
Mostly I am pleased with the result of the prototype since it comes as close as possible to a “real world” solution setup as possible, which is driving
me most when designing and developing solutions with a team. When reflecting on the work done by the team, a fine balance in knowledge, efficiency,
and cooperation throughout the project. This was a feeling of completion when working in teams and hopefully something to be further used in upcoming mini projects. 

Some pictures (to the right) where taken of the first mini project, please continue...
 
- Kenneth Køpke, 3/11/2022, IXD7, Aalborg University







