Introduction:
The second mini project was about designing and implementing an AI to Improve some situations or subjects , which were free-of-choice
for the groups.
To explore different kinds of approaches and finding a problem domain, some similar tools where of aid, which were cards that explained the use of AI,
both technical and emotional.

What was done:
The cards used, helped us to embrace almost all genres and aspect of the use of AI in a solution. The most difficult but interesting part was to describe
and define the interaction between human and AI in a solution to be developed in a 3-week's timeframe. The group started off with selecting
favourite topics and subjects, where an AI incorporated in a solution could solve a problem. During the brainstorming a few ideas were considered.
It started with urban city design improvements where smart buildings were a possible approach to make the improvements. Next was helping students by
making a friendly advisor in a study dormitory, which should help with problems or maybe just connect the students living there, and thereby improving
the quality of life (abnormally broad idea and difficult to test). Finally, the idea was simplified, while still implementing the AI to be informative and helpful.
A simple AI, keeping track of plants needs and then pass this information to humans in a simple way was the final choice. Just for clarity, the building,
in which the solution was intended to be implemented, is a school where children should be able to interact with the screens. 

The solution:
It consists of three parts; small screens, one big screen (for total overview) and an AI to accommodate the data that needs to be given from the plants
to the humans. The small screens are installed nearby the plants around in the building. The big screen is then placed in the middle of the building, which
shows all plants and is where all connections, updates, maintenance, etc. should be implemented. The AI starts off by learning different kinds
of needs each plant has (for gaining a general picture), then it further learns as the plants starts to send data (by using moisture sensors, solar sensors
and other sensors alike these). This process is by far the most difficult and yet it is the part I am most interested in.


Reflection of the mini project:
This has been very interesting, given the knowledge I have by coding an AI to detect or recognize something. To then see and try to implement an AI formalize
and pass the data to a user, especially children, has been intriguing at the least. The teamwork needed for designing how the AI should look like has never
been a focus of mine, moreover, including the emotional analysis of how the children should interplay with the AI. This was the most fascinating part of this project.
I still have a feeling of incompleteness however, since the AI was never developed or described in depth. Only looking at it from a designer's perspective
is not satisfying. What I gained the most from this project is, that software developers can gain a lot by understanding a design process and mostly
the interaction between users and product. But the same goes for designers. They could gain a lot from understanding how the software is made and its limits.
This could help the design to be more precise of what is "real world” possible and especially what is not "real world” possible, regarding implementing AI.


Some pictures (to the right) where taken of the second mini project, please continue...
 
- Kenneth Køpke, 3/11/2022, IXD7, Aalborg University





