Introduction:
The last mini project done has been with a longer timeframe. The group kept the different learning procedures
and learning goals from the previous projects into account during this project to hopefully be able to improve the overall learning
time and the quality of this project. Here, the course Design Studio Methods, has the purpose to teach us use different methods in
different ways, in different situations depending on ourselves, and in different steps in the development of a product. 
The theme of this last project is also free-of-choice, however it is important to utilize knowledge from previous projects.

What was done:

We started off by brainstorming ideas and topics we wanted to work with. This became kind of dull given 10 weeks are not enough time to thoroughly
analyse a topic and the solution would not be worked with in depth. Therefore, the choice of it became more irrelevant. Some group members wanted to
improve the healthcare sector, which is a subject that have a lot of potential of improvements.

After selecting the subject, a strategy was planned and executed with not so many changes in the plan while the execution happened. 
The plan consisted mostly of analysing, interviewing, documenting, researching and writing the corresponding research paper.

The solution:
The final product was driven by trying to improve the documentation process of the care given to the citizens in nursing homes. No current system does
this in a simplified way, or they lack efficiency in doing the procedure, which we saw as an improvement opportunity. The product developed was a physical
device (more precise a wall mount), an application and a RFID tag (a card that contains data and a unique ID). This setup should simplify the procedure
by instead of writing or selecting a lot of tasks when assisting a citizen, some simple physical buttons on the wall mount was meant to ease the process of
registering tasks. The wall mount consists of an Arduino R3 UNO, RFID reader and the buttons, which represent task that needs to be done.
The buttons include signal lights for; when pressed, the task is overdue, or the task is done. The application connected to retrieve data from the wall mounts,
should only hold simplified and important information, so when employees will find information, it does not take unnecessary time. 

Reflection of the mini project:
This mini project had a lot of small challenges which were not discovered in the previous project due to the limited time and not having to formalize
the project in a research paper. Some of these challenges were types of practices (I.e., different kinds of analysis used or biased) and structuring a research paper,
what is and is not important to include . Especially, when previously experience from two different educations do not correspond completely.
The product and end-result are still adequate to what is expected of us and what we had intended to learn from these projects overall.
However, prioritization, habits and learning procedure are some of the areas that still need improvements for all members of this group.
If enough time was given to the previous projects, the same improvements would probably be needed.

Personally, I like the learning goals, the education, and the theory which can be easily implemented in practises. However, the way that there is not
a correct answer, nor a guarantee that the design of a product can be made, makes the purpose of the learnings either less important or perhaps just missing 
a more practical purpose to learn these methodologies. I see now a difference in engineering and design practices, which is going to be the most difficult part 
for me, not only to this semester but in all aspects of development both now and after finished education.


Some pictures (to the right) where taken of the third mini project, please continue... (go no further after the images, you will continue forever...)
 
- Kenneth Køpke, 3/11/2022, IXD7, Aalborg University







